Metting for 10 /16 /18 
 Everyone attended the meeting. 

 -Discused Database we were going to use, and we decided that we might use postgress SQL. 

- Discused the interactions and challenges that will come with implementing a search box and the problems with connecting the front end and back end of that functionality.

- Discused email verification and login information. 

- Discussed who wanted to tackle the Dynamic webpage and how it will be updated 

- Taked about possiblly using gitHub for a database, but I do not think we cannot use this.

-Had more discussions about the structure of our whole project.